So let's move on to the next problem.
And next problem is thought to.
So some of you might have already gone through this problem.
This says that you have been in stone same as previous when there's a frog who is initially and stone
one seem to repeat them.
The frog is going to Indian stone i.
Jump to one of the following stone I plus one do I bliss key eight so I live.
We had only these two jumps.
There were only two jumps.
That means they were only two transitions.
It's basically a transition.
We have a D, b state.
We are transitioning to another d b state.
Right.
So.
What is anime programming?
Out of all the transitions we are building the best one nothing is eight view the cost.
This isn't good wages.
This stone to Landau right Binyamin but still in good before the frog is drawn in.
So again is we can see that and it's time to go fight.
Earlier we had like.
And we have five kind of solution.
And like Wolf in here, what we have is we have kingdoms, right?
Well, before this, what we did was we considered only two jumps, that is each minus one jump, which
is dances was stored in Libya in minus one made and the second was deep, i.e. minus two and only two
again.
So it was kind of off and into off end solution.
But now we have key extra jumps, right?
So instead of two jumps, we have cadence and gauge only on the right.
So now what can we do is.
Can we try a solution of two incredible five in 200, which is and in the case of Lucian, will this
work?
Yes, this year was great because execution.
So it's two of version and the memory limit is enough.
Eight.
So ten over seven solution generally works.
Eight within a second or two.
Yeah.
So I don't think that much explanation is needed in this fight because.
It should be very, very clear.
That much explanation is not new today.
Maybe because we are only two states now we have gay states.
So for any FFA, how will we calculate FFA?
By simply moving on to F of a minus one f of a minus two.
And so on.
The life of a minus.
Eight.
And yes, we will be having these ghost values with them, which is FFA, which is at your fee, minus
at your value, minus one and its absolute value.
And so whichever will be the best will take them.
So it's very similar to the previous problem we had only to regions.
We had to check only for two transactions.
Now we are checking for previous transitions.
Nothing, nothing.
Big deal.
Okay, so let me quickly call this out.
So.
Okay, so may zero and one offered.
Great.
Now here, what we need is we need another variable called key eight.
So it's an.
And it's input the key values.
Okay.
Right.
So the P0 is filled and DP one is filled, but it's coded from the beginning.
What are the values of geek is gay values are one 200 and will be given to us right to kick in or be
zero.
So yeah, this should work.
Every one should work eight because if gave us zero then this should not have been a valid statement.
Eight Online 28 five deep value was zero.
That means I cannot go being the rate, but if given a zero, I cannot go behind even one step.
Okay, well, start from one so we can do this.
Let it start from two and.
Let's called another variable called a black hole, which starts from zero and ghosting.
It all.
It's it starts from one end.
Goes to.
So initially, let's mark deep of it.
We call two very big values eight.
Let's call it in the mix, a big value.
And now what I have to do is for all the transitions, I have to take the best one.
What I'll do is I'll simply say goodbye as it goes to a minimum of BBA comma.
This transition date when transition to transition through transition.
And so until they transition.
So how do we have there?
It is A-minus, but again, less absolute value.
So this is a cost and good part that MySpace.
I think the minimum of all those values very easy.
So how can I do this?
There will be absolute values of a minus, absolute value of etch double.
Okay.
It should be I imaginatively.
Well.
So we have these w this transition that these many jumps he can take, that means he can come from these
diseases, places with this cost, which is the best when give give it to me environment taking into
magazine easily because I want to find out some minimum possible solution.
So I have to find out the minimum possible solution to how do I do that in initialized with something
very big and continuously take minimums.
So we'll get the minimum on all of them.
We'll go after this.
Lumens what I need to print.
Yeah.
Libyan minus one.
Sick.
It is in this case.
Great.
For the second case.
Let's check it out for Andy.
Yes, folks.
Now it is.
100, it should give zero grade.
And this is the final look.
This is just one more thing that I wanted to discuss, which is tracing back the P values.
I just want.
To explain this to you, because this will make dynamic programming even more clear to all of you.
So here we are getting 40.
Yeah, of course we get some.
It doesn't really get the right answer.
So before submitting this.
Or I wish to like.
Tell you how to trace things back because that's kind of very important.
And I give you a very good cold to trace things back.
So what?
How does tracing work?
What the stressing mean?
This thing means that if DP and minus one is a solution of 40, then where did this fatigue come from?
This is we're tracing we're tracing back the steps.
So let me firstly print out all the DB values.
And then we'll trace back.
Because this is very important.
Guys, believe me, you're.
It's like.
It will increase your deep understanding by 20% rate.
So let me trace it back.
Yeah.
So these are the values.
And let me copy it down a note here.
Okay.
It's 28.
These are the deep values rate for the indexes that we have.
But let me quickly index them.
So it is zero to indicate first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth and ninth.
So the total area value is an eight.
I'm not going off topic.
This is the most important topic actually, and I want to figure it out.
How did this value actually come?
Right.
So before that, I need to copy all these values which are.
This.
40.
Okay.
Let me have.
Another.
The.
These are the deep values maybe of.
Now.
I live at JFK.
At the height of the storm.
The first is 40.
2070 ten.
20, 70, 80, 20, 70, 80 and 60.
This is very important.
Eight.
So.
Yeah.
Please come with me.
Who are?
It was two for eight.
And anything was true that.
These are the deep values that we finally found out using the recursion that we made.
And these are that values that we found out that we were already given in the input and the ways we
know deep of zero should be zero.
No doubt in that.
Eight.
How is DPI of one being calculated?
We have already seen the debut of one is being calculated by taking the p zero plus absolute value of
edge one minus edge zero.
But again, it wouldn't be an issue.
It depends 30.
Okay.
So why is the preventative?
Because it is zero plus or minus ten, which is the difference in the HIV values.
Well.
Great.
So basically, I'll do that later.
Their overall mark the index's.
I kind of represent them as a dedicated group.
Then there should be this nine pool.
So these are the graph nodes.
You have graph nodes from 0 to 9.
They're indexes.
And we can see that we have got the.
EPI one value from deep zero.
I'll just make an error.
That means if one actually came from deep zero with the cost of an.
We'll start with the cluster of 38.
That's where the P value is 30.
Now, let's talk about the DP two.
Well, so DP values 28 and RJ values 20 itself, right?
So this DP, do you know that KC goes to four so far, two where could have.
To in from debate to value.
It can either come from zero or one because of course KC goes to four.
But we don't we do not have four indexes behind us.
There can only be two transitions.
Eight.
So what is deep?
Zero It is 43 it is zero zero plus 20 -40 is 28.
So it is.
Zero plus 20.
And from one, what I get is it is 30 because DP one is 30 plus.
The transition from 1 to 2 will give me ten minus one BS and eight.
So what is the meaning of among them was it is 20.
So that's where we have to be off.
Do we go through 28 the minimum of these two transitions?
So here we can see that.
Okay.
The B2 also came from zero.
Eight.
And what we have here is.
Yeah.
So let me quickly.
It is this.
Right now, what is the next value we have?
The next value we have is three three rate.
So Lipitor is 30.
Cool.
So this tree, this transition could have ever come from zero one or 281 jump from 010 from one of random
from two.
So as I already told you that we can't we don't count to jump right now, why are we not taking two
gems?
Why can't we take this transition?
Is it if tree would have gone from one, it would have either going to two or and then it would have
gone to three.
Why are we not taking this?
Because what do we already have?
The best answer eight.
So if this was the case that from one it came to two, and then from two it came to three, the answer
would be coming from this particular part.
So we're not taking this on the transition.
I've been repeating this because it's really important.
Here's many here's where many students stuck.
They keep on like digging inside that.
If true, then it can come from one or it can directly come from one.
We have to worry about only one transition.
Only one transition.
That's eight.
So from 1 to 2, 2 to 3 grade.
Okay.
So here we have from 0 to 3, we are going from 0 to 3.
So what is deep 020 and.
Yeah.
We can go from 0 to 8.
PDP zero zero and the transition from 0 to 3 will be 40 -70 with just 30.
Eight.
But what is the deep with --?
But I'm not writing a book.
Let me write another also.
It is 30 plus 60 for the one for this transition and for the honor the transition from two.
It is 20 plus 20 -70, which is 50.
Again, the is the minimum is from zero.
We can easily see that baby three.
Is also made from BP zero.
That's what I want to show you.
Like how to trace back things, how to find the best but eight.
Because let's say the problems.
Is it okay if you have found the best answer that means that okay.
This is the minimum value that the.
Rock can make for all the germs.
Still n minus one then.
Like print out the indexes.
Let's say that print out one of the parts from which this value is actually coming from.
Where did you get this answer?
Basically, the whole part will print the whole.
But after this explanation is done.
Yeah.
In the next, uh, in the next step, what happens is.
So this part is actually I'm doing it by you know, I'm writing on the screen and you're looking to
this, but it's really very easy when you put it out and I took all this out so that it becomes very
easy for you all to go this out.
They write notes for explanation purposes, so it's sticking time.
But what is deep before 40?
This 40.
Would have come from.
Yeah.
And that it can come from 012 or three eight.
All for our value to I think this 40 has come from zero eight.
So let me make another rule which is that yes, this is the transition.
Well for the next one.
The next one is the buffet, which is.
30.
Like this 30 would have come from something smaller than this.
Of course, because I cannot read something negative.
Right.
Because I'm 40, I cannot make 30.
That means deep five has not come from me before.
It has either come from the repeatedly toward one and not even zero way because it's about four transitions.
Casey goes to four, right?
But here we have four deep.
If I add that it can come from four, the two or one, and here the zero will not be included.
Right.
So what do I have here is.
Yeah.
So let me quickly write their prices from 40.
Whatever it's coming it is 40 plus.
80 minus ten, which is 70.
No.
Now from three we're discussing this 30 plus 70 minus ten, which is 60.
I don't think so.
It is coming from three.
There it is.
20 plus 20 minus ten.
Which is ten.
Yes.
And for one, it is 30 plus.
Ten minus ten, which is zero.
So here we have a table to eight.
That means from two places we are getting 30, which is actually be five.
Hey.
So now, guys, from any place, from any of this place, we can take this.
It doesn't matter what we want it to be one of many moments that it doesn't matter that it is coming
from one place or two place or trip.
It's like there are hundreds of combinations of this.
That doesn't matter, right?
I just have to find one.
But I just could bring one part.
Right?
If you want to print all the bars, you have to use it.
He goes in with backtracking and printing.
It's a different stuff.
Let's not go there.
So.
Yeah, but it can come from two or it can come from one.
We can take it from any place.
Say So let's make this transition.
So I'm just taking it from two.
But what's what's my motive behind this, guys?
What's the motive behind expanding you all this?
It is very simple that.
If that.
Okay, let's consider the rebels only of this land.
Land six.
I want to find out if I start from zero.
What is the best way I can?
We want to fight hate.
So what I do is trace back from fight.
From 5i5 actually came from two and two came from zero.
So here I only have two jumps which are from.
Index zero two index two to index five, which is from 40.
It will move on to 20 and it will move on to ten.
So what is the relevance?
The minimum is 30 and that's the final.
So you can see why I am making the connection.
Zero eight.
It looks similarly, guys.
You can make the connections.
Okay, let me do this now.
I will a little quicker.
Those six is 20 and I would be 60 strongly.
So I think it is coming from two only because people five are not valid.
So yeah, let's let me make this arrow from two.
Why is it coming from two?
Because they produced 20 or 20 plus one.
Domains zero.
Right.
Now, let's move on to the next part, which is seven.
Ruby seven is 30.
So it is not coming from six.
It is not coming from five.
It is not coming from four.
It is coming from three eight from three.
It is actually 30 plus 70 -70, which is 32.
So if seven is followed by DP three, and let's talk about DP eight.
Maybe it is 40.
It is 40 plus.
Let's get back.
No, it's not.
Yeah, it's coming from seven.
Only eight.
So it is seven to it.
Well, you can cross-check this once and.
Where is DP nine coming from?
I need also for research not coming from it.
It is coming from seven.
So maybe nine year olds are going from seven.
How it is.
40 plus 70 -60.
Well.
No.
It is 30 plus 71 and 68.
So it is giving me 40, but the B 90 is actually coming from 97.
So here you can see the transitions.
Now, if I want to find out what is the odds that the frog should be actually from 0 to 9 the morning
Louise and start racing back from that nine came from seven.
So this is what this is about.
Then seven came from three.
Intriguing from zero.
Okay.
So what are the stores he lived on?
What are the highs of those stones?
It is 40.
Then he went to 70.
Then he went to 60.
You can see the differences between them.
We have this 30 different zero zero difference here and ten differences.
So the total is 40.
Always.
I hope you understood what this tracing back means.
And now what I'll do is I'll simply record this tracing back stuff.
And of.
But I'm not.
So I'm not from me.
I'm submitting it again and again.
You're going to try this yourself?
I'll save the code and the code will be available to you.
It.
Okay.
So let me open the you one file here.
We had this recursive approaches.
Hey, let me trace back.
Let's trace back once.
I'm just quoting it once.
Not needed, although.
But yes, you should know how to do this.
So let's write a function.
Let's see who and what it will do is it will print the indexes on which our discourse.
Eight.
So Google started from index and the last index.
So let's say go from and minus one.
What it will do is it will say, okay, this and minus one came from this position.
Then that came from this position and so on.
So call the function, go in minus one.
And here instead of indexes that say index or we can take another value but leave it.
Now.
How will this function figure out?
What are the deep values you have for that?
You also need to possess it.
If you're taking it globally, it's very good and I think I should take it globally because I also have
an inky.
So let me take this globally.
And.
Is it 25?
And then.
And this Eddie.
Well.
Oh, yeah.
I don't think they should be.
Okay.
I also have to do the DPD.
Great.
I'm starting from the last index and.
And simply in the last few days, because I have to go to Disney next week if you want to do the development
in this just ordered in a veterinary wizard and print it wouldn't be an issue.
And now what I do is I simply move my phone.
Look, I'll just pick this up.
Let's pick this up.
Double Cuban eight.
And what I do here is I'd say if we had this reconciliation generate the DBS minimum of this year,
what I'll do is I'll simply say if.
DPRK is equal to or instead of a.
What we have is we have an index.
Let's call this.
I only.
Well.
So if DPA is equal, should be I mean, it's double plus absolute value of this.
That means it has came from this location because that's where the minimum is being formed.
So what is happening?
You're just going one, one step behind this.
Taking all the values was value added matches.
It will simply.
See.
Go to this particular index, which is are you minus W and.
Police.
And is there anything we need to take care of?
Yes.
So these are important things.
You.
I also have missed it.
You can go to values of very large values, right.
Which are like still underneath.
So let's save double glazed in and eyes, only two.
So two minus two and luminous here.
So here we we might get a segmentation for when I'm doing a minus kick without taking that, whether
it is greater than equal to zero or not.
So what I do is I would simply say.
And let's add in the condition that A-minus should be greater than or equal to zero.
Not a big issue.
Well.
So let me add this condition over here also.
If the opposite goes really bad, Minsky replies.
Absolute value of whatever.
It will simply go to that particular next and do the same stuff again and it will bring those values.
And he goes, If I ever put the written statement over here, because if I match one back transition,
if I go to just one transition, I simply go back.
If you want to print all the transition, then just remove written here.
It will like go like a recursive and a backtracking approach basically.
Well.
It's been this.
So what we have is we have 9730.
So here we have on this indexing, it's two plus one and ABC and seven, ten, eight for one, which
is 60.
270.
Two 7240.
Eight.
So that's why we are getting.
This value, which is let's print the baby.
It goes for TV on.
Well, there's another very easy stuff here using the codes, and you can very easily calculate this.
Of course, you can also do this using.
To find love wouldn't be an issue instead of it.
And you have to break it.
Do nothing else this, break it and move that index to that position again.
If on the same thing, break it.
When you find the answer, just move it to that place.
Eight.
So this is it.
About the second problem.
I hope we have learned something new because the problem was in this way.
I thought I had something else in this which is backtracking.
Right.
So we'll see in the next part, I think.